# Terms and conditions

*Last Revised: 27/02/2018*

These terms and conditions ("Terms", "Agreement") are an agreement between ChatApp Operator ("ChatApp Operator", "us", "we" or "our") and you ("User", "you" or "your"). This Agreement sets forth the general terms and conditions of your use of the ChatApp application and any of its products or services (collectively, "Application" or "Services").

## Accounts

You must be at least 13 years of age to use this Application. By using this Application and by agreeing to this Agreement you warrant and represent that you are at least 13 years of age. If you create an account on the Application, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with it. Providing false information of any kind may result in the termination of your account. You must immediately notify us of any unauthorized uses of your account or any other breaches of security. We will not be liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of such acts or omissions. We may suspend, disable, or delete your account (or any part thereof) if we determine that you have violated any provision of this Agreement or that your conduct or content would tend to damage our reputation and goodwill. If we delete your account for the foregoing reasons, you may not re-register for the our Services.

## User content

We do not own any data, information or material ("Content") that you submit on the Application in the course of using the Service. You shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, appropriateness, and intellectual property ownership or right to use of all submitted Content. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor Content on the Application submitted or created using our Services by you. Unless specifically permitted by you, your use of the Application does not grant us the license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish or distribute the Content created by you or stored in your user account for commercial, marketing or any similar purpose. But you grant us permission to access, copy, distribute, store, transmit, reformat, display and perform the Content of your user account solely as required for the purpose of providing the Services to you. Without limiting any of those representations or warranties, we have the right, though not the obligation, to, in our own sole discretion, refuse or remove any Content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any of our policies or is in any way harmful or objectionable.

## Changes

We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its policies relating the Application or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Agreement on the Website. When we do we will revise the updated date at the top of this page. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.

## Acceptance of these terms

You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Application or its Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to use or access the Application and its Services.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us at rafaellos.g9@gmail.com.

*This terms and conditions page was generated by [Website Policies](https://www.websitepolicies.com) and modified by Raf.*
